
- This is for _Predicting Real-World Penny Auction Durations by Integrating Game Theory and Machine Learning_
-----

# GT_Models
## GT1
1. In Stage II of ADAPT, the output (e.g., prediction) of GT1 is regarded as input of MB-MDN in Stage III.
2. `GT_1_gen` is to generate a prediction of GT1.

## GT2
1. In Stage II of ADAPT, the output (e.g., prediction) of GT2 is regarded as input of MB-MDN in Stage III.
2. `SA_for_GT2_funcs.py`: infer parameter values of GT2 via Simulated Annealing.
3. `GT_2_get_params`: generate parameter values of GT2 via InferNet.
4. `GT_2_gen_uniq_params`: generate a prediction of GT2 with parameter values generated by InferNet.

## GT3
1. GT3 is the game theory model we use to compare with other methods. The output (e.g., prediction) of GT3 is NOT regarded as input of MB-MDN in Stage III.
2. `GT_3_get_params`: generate parameter values of GT3 via InferNet.

# MLP
1. `auction_features_encoding`: encoding description.
2. `loss`: loss functions and metric functions
3. `models`: InferNet and MB-MDN
4. `my_collate_fn`: data collate functions
5. `mydataset`: dataset functions
6. `mydataset_GT`: dataset functions used for InferNet.
7. `NN_params_infer_GT2`: training for InferNet.
8. `NN_params_infer_GT3`: training for InferNet.
9. `plot`: plotting functions.
10. `training_ADAPT`: training for MBMDN in ADAPT. also can be used to train other machine learning-based method with slight modification as we did in `training_GT1`.
   - `training_GT1`: training for GT+EMB.

# Data
1. The real-world data were collected from online penny auction websites by the authors of the following works, whose contributions we acknowledge. 
2. The dataset includes auction configurations consisting of the product information, retail price, bid fee, and bid increment. Under each configuration, multiple auctions were being held.

> Byers, J. W.; Mitzenmacher, M.; and Zervas, G. 2010. Information asymmetries in pay-per-bid auctions. In Proceedings of the 11th ACM conference on Electronic commerce, 1–12.
> Augenblick, N. 2016. The sunk-cost fallacy in penny auctions. The Review of Economic Studies, 83(1): 58–86.

# Reference
If this work could help your research, we would appreciate it if you could cite the following paper.

```bibtex
@inproceedings{wang2024predicting,
  title={Predicting Real-World Penny Auction Durations by Integrating Game Theory and Machine Learning},
  author={Wang, Yujia and Yu, Haoran},
  booktitle={Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence},
  volume={38},
  number={9},
  pages={9926--9934},
  year={2024}
}
```

> Wang, Yujia, and Haoran Yu. "Predicting Real-World Penny Auction Durations by Integrating Game Theory and Machine Learning." Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence. Vol. 38. No. 9. 2024.


